docs: improve main readme info (#112)
White-Whale-Defi-Platform/migaloo-core: README.md

5. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/WhiteWhaleDefi)
6. [Telegram](https://t.me/whitewhaleofficial)

## Deployed contracts

White Whale Migaloo is a protocol that exists across multiple chains. You can find contract addresses for different chain deployments 
in the [documentation](https://ww0-1.gitbook.io/migaloo-docs/smart-contracts/deployments).

## Building and Deploying Migaloo

> To build and deploy Migaloo´s smart contracts there are a series of deployment scripts under `scripts/`. You need at 

Reviewer: Can we fix the "\`" here with a `'` instead?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build and deploy Migaloo's smart contracts, there are a series of deployment scripts under `scripts/`. You need at 
```
